Consider a large company like Amazon that leverages
a microservices architecture.
When it comes to Amazon's global footprint,
one big monolithic application would be very hard to manage.
If you go back to 2001, the Amazon.
com retail website was one large monolith.
Rob Brigham, AWS Senior Project Manager,
said, "That monolith is going to add overhead into your process,
and that software development lifecycle is going to begin to slow down.
We went through the code,
and pulled out functional units that served a single purpose,
and we wrapped those with a web service interface.
" This is the approach that Amazon took to break up their big
monolith application into smaller microservices.
Consider Netflix,
the company transitioned from a traditional development model with
hundreds of engineers producing a monolithic DVD rental application to
a microservices architecture with many small teams responsible for the
end-to-end development of hundreds of microservices that worked
together to steam digital entertainment to millions of Netflix customers every day.